LIST Version 7.5i               WHAT'S NEW                              5/23/91

                           New Command Line Switches
                           -------------------------

      /?  displays LIST usage information

      /B  tells LIST to use the BIOS for displaying data.

      /D  forces display of the File Selection menu for the specified files,
          e.g. *.TXT for only .TXT files; a filespec must be supplied.

      /E  tells LIST to begin displaying the files at the end of each file
          instead of at the beginning.

      /K  disables the mouse.  Both the /M and /K mouse options are clonable.

      /Q  toggles sounding of beeps and bells; same function as the alt-Q
          command.

      /V  causes a verify function to be performed after any Copy or Move
          function

      /4  places LIST into 43/50 display mode; this requires an EGA or VGA
          display adapter.

      /Ttext  searches all files immediately for the 'text' and is case
          sensitive.  The /Ftext or /Ttext parameter must be the last on the
          command line.  Both cannot be used at one time.

      /Ftext  begins a text search through all selected files now invokes the
          Find function which is NOT case sensitive.

      /#nnnnnn  supplies the record number from which the display is to begin.

      - The /L, /W, /M, /S, and /J command line switches now allow for
        disabling the function (in case LIST was cloned with the option on).
        To do this, add a minus sign, e.g. /-W or /W- will set wrap off.
        The B, D, and Q switches are toggles. That is, specifying them reverses
        the default (or cloned setting).

                        New Operational Features
                        ------------------------

      - the distribution files are LISTS.COM (small), LISTR.COM (regular), and
        LIST.COM (plus).  Only LIST.COM is included in the archive file
        available on bulletin boards and by online services.

      - The LIST environment variable tells LIST where to place temporary
        files for the ViewArc and archive extraction functions, e.g.

                SET LIST=C:\TEMP

     -  All DEBUG offsets and information have been replaced by a new
        program called LISTOPT which is used to set defaults and options.
        LISTOPT is available to registered and licensed users only. See
        the file DEBUG.TXT for patching information.


LIST Version 7.5i                 WHAT'S NEW                           5/23/91

      - The maximum "logical" record size has been increased from 910 to 2048.

      - A second Help screen is now available in the Plus version which shows
        all of the Ctrl- and cursor key functions

      - An improvement in speed is available when all filter options are
        set off.  Use alt-Z to display the toggles on the bottom line.  An
        option is off when its corresponding letter, e.g.  'J' for alt-J junk
        filter or 'T' for the alt-T tab expansion filter, is in lower case.

      - The Viewarc function now assumes that .EXE and .COM files are self-
        extracting files and will actually execute them to extract the
        selected file.  Not all self-extracting programs support this.
        Otherwise, if a file does not have the .ARC, .LZH, .ZIP, .PAK,
        or .SDN extension, the file is assumed to be a .ARC file.

      - The top status line while viewing a file has changed. Until the last
        record number is known, LIST now displays a percentage of the file
        read so far.


                              File Selection Menu
                              -------------------

      - New commands are available from the File Selection (Alt-V) menu:

              E    invokes the 'Edit' editor to let you edit the selected file;
                   create a BATch file called EDIT.BAT which invokes the
                   editor of your choice with the optional parameters it needs

|             I    invokes (executes) the selected program; replying with a
|                  null (enter) to the "Options:" prompt cancels the command

          Alt-Z    toggles the status display on the bottom line from disk and
                   file statistics line to a menu command help line

      - Changes to other file selection menu (Alt-V) commands:

         -  Q)uit returns you to the display of the last file you viewed
            if no file has been displayed, Q exits to DOS.

         -  the X command exits to DOS in the NEW (current) directory

         -  ESCape exits to DOS in the ORIGINAL directory

         -  Alt-X exits to DOS and shows the original screen

         -  the 1-up display now includes the file attributes

         -  Alt-C saves (clones) the settings

         -  the S)ort command now has a None (no sort) ordering option, and
            a minus "-" prefix option for sorting in descending order; ESCape
            now cancels the S)ort request.

         -  a \ may be used in place of the P)ath command to change directories


LIST Version 7.5i               WHAT'S NEW                             5/23/91

                              File Selection Menu (cont'd)
                              -------------------

         -  the F2 command to toggle the bottom line status display has been
            changed to F3

         -  you may press the shift key and a letter key to move the selection
            to the first filename beginning with that letter, e.g. shift-C will
            put the cursor on the first file name beginning with the letter 'c'

                                 New Commands
                                 ------------

      - A new ctrl-Y command saves the current position as a bookmark, and
        alt-Y repositions to the last bookmark. You may set up to 10 bookmarks.

      - A new 1 command restarts displaying files with the first file.

      - A new Ctrl-right command scrolls the screen right to the end of the
        current line.

      - A new O command toggles the date format from U.S. mm/dd/yy to
        European format dd-mm-yy and is clonable.

                                Changed Commands
                                ----------------

      - The X command exits to DOS and clears the screen. In the Plus version,
        you are now placed in the new (selected) directory.

      - The Alt-D and Alt-O (write lines to a file) commands have been changed
        to default to writing a found (highlighted line after Scan or Find)
        line if no lines have been marked.

      - All command which as for a d:\path and/or a filename now check for
        embedded blanks and non-valid characters.

      - The ctrl-I command has been added to the Plus version.  It allows
        setting the TAB interval to values other than the standard 8.  Ctrl-I
        prompts you to enter the new interval, which can be from 1 to 99.

      - The ctrl-T dial command will initially place the cursor on a line
        with found text, i.e. you scan for a name and LIST find it. The found
        text is highlighted. When you issue ctrl-T, the cursor is placed there.
        LIST copies all numbers and valid telephone number characters, like
        dash and comma, up to the first non-numeric character as the phone
        number. Sending of a '1' prefix has been removed. If the modem fails
        to dial initially, press the <spacebar> to try a re-dial.

      - The Ctrl-P command to print the entire file now sends a formfeed at the
|       end of printing. C)opying to a printer device is not supported.

      - The File Selection C)opy and M)ove commands check for sufficient space
        on the target drive before copying the file.




LIST Version 7.5i               DEBUG OFFSETS                          5/23/91


        The default filter options are now:
          alt-T   - expand TABs is ON
          alt-J   - filter out control characters is ON

        Item           Offset  Value    Description of contents
        -------------- ------  -----    -----------------------
        Special         0132    70      Top/bottom line colors
        Normal          0134    07      Text colors
        Bright          0136    09      Find/Scan line colors
        Window 1 color  0138    07      Normal window text color
        Window 2 color  0139    0F      Second window text color
        Flag3           013A    09      Retrace off and junk filter on
        Flag4           013B    08      Tabs on
        Find row        013C    0800    Position of found line on screen, 8
        Scroll incr     013E    0A00    Left/right scroll increment, 10
        Scroll start    0140    0000    Starting scroll offset, 0
        Tab value       0142    0800    Tab interval, 8
        Tab mask        0144    F8FF    Tab bit mask
        Loudness        0146    C8      Beep tone level
        Key rate        0148    FF      Continuous scroll increment, 255
        Overlap         0149    0000    PgUp/PgDn scroll overlap, 0
        Wildcard esc    014B    26      Scan/Find wildcard ? escape character
        Alt-V up        014C    0500    Alt-V display files per line, 5

        LIST Plus only
        --------------
        Eye-catcher     014E    'COM:'
        COM port        0152    F803    Default for COM1, use F802 for COM2
        Sort offset     0154    00      Default sort key offset
                                         00 by filename
                                         08 by extension
                                         0C by datestamp
                                         10 by file size
        Modem init      0157    'AT'    30-byte modem initialization string
        Editor name     0175    'Edit'  8-byte name of editor program
        Modem hang-up   017E    'ATZ'   9-byte modem disconnect command
        Temp var name   0187    LIST    4-character environment name for temps

        The following offsets change from version to version. Look for the
        eye-catchers to be sure of the offset:

        Key table       0468    'WHAT'  Eye catcher
                        046C    0026    Key command table
        Routines        0571    'WHERE' Eye catcher
                        0576    xxxx    Command routines

        Examples of using DEBUG can be found in the DIALER.PAT and
        COLORS.PAT files. To use them, copy LIST.COM to the current
        directory and issue the DEBUG command. For example:

                DEBUG <DIALER.PAT
