This file is intended to inform you about differences between the
documentation and the operation of the AUTOSIG.EXE file contained
in this package.  It also gives some very brief instructions
which will help current ATO version 6.9a users make the minor
modifications necessary to set the new version up for their use. 
It does not provide a full listing of changes or enhancements in
the program.  I will be uploading a WHATS.NEW which will list the
changes, but you'll need to refer to the full new documentation
to get explanations.  You can see reference to most of the
enhancements by examining the help screens.


Differences of this AUTOSIG.EXE from the documentation:

Due to ISSUES forum message numbers hitting 7 digits (which the
Mark function of version 6.9a will not handle), we were forced to
release this interim version with two features which are in 6.9a,
but not implemented here yet.  We are still working on these
items and intend to release a version with these items as soon as
possible.  The omitted items are mouse availability and /T to get
BIOS writes.


Conversion from version 6.9a to 7.0a:

1.   Make a backup of AUTOSIG.DFN and keep a separate copy of
     AUTOSIG.EXE and AUTOSIG.HLP somewhere (possibly just renamed
     or on a floppy).  Install AUTOSIG.EXE and AUTOSIG.HLP in the
     same directory as your previous AUTOSIG.EXE.  (Note the .HLP
     file must be in that same directory as the program file.)

2.   Make sure you have at least 400K of free RAM before loading
     the new version.  437K or more is better yet.  (Sorry about
     the increased memory usage, but you do get to use more of
     your RAM.)

3.   Make your comm port specification in the host setup (reached
     by F4 from a menu) the same as the port number which you use
     for other programs.  E.g., if you specified COM7 for version
     6.9a, use COM3 for this version.

4.   If your version 6.9a comm port specification includes IRQ
     and base port information, you will need to change the
     format of that specification.  You will need to specify the
     comm port number in addition to the other information.  The
     full form of the specification ATO will accept is
     COMx/y/&Hzzzz, where x is the port number, y is the IRQ and
     zzzz is the address in hex. If you enter the base address,
     you must specify the IRQ, even if the IRQ is standard.  The
     IRQ may be entered without the base address.

5.   If your version 6.9a baud rate is specified as 1920, use
     19200 in the (renamed) "Comm speed" field.  That field now
     takes the actual comm speed instead of the first 4 digits as
     6.9a did.  14400 should still *not* be used.

6.   If you have /H or /S set to Y in your PC Options (reached by
     <Esc> from a menu), they have different meanings related to
     new functions.  You should set them to N to get ATO
     operation as you had it in version 6.9a.

Those changes should allow you to switch to version 7.0a fairly
painlessly.  There will be some new appearances.  Most will be
fairly obvious, but one in particular could make you think
something is wrong:

CMail messages are now uploaded so you will see a different
appearance as your messages are sent, but the operation of those
messages will be the same.  For now, avoid use of single quotes
in CMail message subjects.

Good luck and let us know of any questions or problems.  The new
doc file should be available shortly, but I hope this will let
you continue using ATO in the interim.
