LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

        This file contains changes to information in the manual.

        Contents:
        ---------

        1. Command Line Switches
        2. New Operational Features
        3. Long File Names
        4. File Selection Menu
        5. New Commands
        6. Changed Commands
        7. Extended text modes
        8. DEBUG patch information



                           Command Line Switches
                           ---------------------

      /?  displays LIST usage information

      /B  tells LIST to use the BIOS for displaying data.

      /D  forces display of the File Selection menu for the specified files,
          e.g. *.TXT for only .TXT files; a filespec must be supplied.
      /E  tells LIST to begin displaying the files at the end of each file
          instead of at the beginning.
      /K  disables the mouse.  Both the /M and /K mouse options are clonable.
      /Q  toggles sounding of beeps and bells; same function as the alt-Q
          command.
      /V  causes a verify function to be performed after any Copy or Move
          function

      /4  places LIST into 43/50 display mode; this requires an EGA or VGA
          display adapter.

      /1  places LIST Enhanced into 132-column mode (DOS and Win9x only)
      /C  for LIST Enhanced, lock columns on left side of display
      /N  for LIST Enhanced, lock first file lines on top of display

      /@filename specifies a file containing a list of names of files to
          display; the @ (at symbol) can be used in the viewer to get a list
          of selected files

      /Ttext  searches all files immediately for the 'text' and is case
          sensitive.  The /Ftext or /Ttext parameter must be the last on the
          command line.  Both cannot be used at one time.

      /Ftext  begins a text search through all selected files now invokes the
          Find function which is NOT case sensitive.

      /#nnnnnn  supplies the record number from which the display is to begin.

      - The /L, /W, /M, /S, and /J command line switches now allow for
        disabling the function (in case LIST was cloned with the option on).
        To do this, add a minus sign, e.g.  /-W or /W- will set wrap off.  The
        B, D, and Q switches are toggles.  That is, specifying them reverses
        the default (or cloned setting).

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

                        New Operational Features
                        ------------------------

      - the program files are LISTS.COM (small), LISTR.COM (regular),
        LIST.COM, and LISTEDMB.COM (Enhanced for 400+mb files);

|     - The TEMP environment variable tells LIST where to place temporary
        files for the ViewArc and archive extraction functions, e.g.

|               SET TEMP=C:\TEMP

|       If the TEMP variable is not set, the current directory is used to
        store temporary and extracted files.

     -  All DEBUG offsets and information have been replaced by a new
        program called LISTOPT which is used to set defaults and options.
        LISTOPT is available to registered and licensed users only.

     -  The unregistered version of LIST Plus does not support network drives.
        This is due to companies using the shareware version on networks, and
        not getting a license.

        LISTOPT now supports entering registration information so that new
        versions may be downloaded and registered by the user alone.

      - The ? (question mark) Help command has been changed for LIST Enhanced
        to view the online manual. This requires the LISTHELP.COM and LIST.HLP
        files be in the same directory as the LIST.COM file.

      - The maximum "logical" record size has been increased from 910 to 4096.

      - A second Help screen is now available in the Plus version which shows
        all of the Ctrl- and cursor key functions

      - An improvement in speed is available when all filter options are set
        off.  Use alt-Z to display the toggles on the bottom line.  An option
        is off when its corresponding letter, e.g.  'J' for alt-J junk filter
        or 'T' for the alt-T tab expansion filter, is in lower case.

      - The Viewarc function now assumes that .EXE and .COM files are self-
        extracting files and will actually execute them to extract the selected
        file.  Not all self-extracting programs support this.  Otherwise, if a
        file does not have the .ARC, .LZH, .ZIP, .PAK, or .SDN extension, the
        file is assumed to be a .ARC file.

      - The top status line while viewing a file has changed.  Until the last
        record number is known, LIST now displays a percentage of the file read
        so far.

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

                        Long File Names
                        ---------------

      - Long file names are supported under Windows 95, 98, Me, 2000, and XP
|       as much as Windows support DOS/command long file and path names, e.g.
|       Windows XP only supports a maximum of 76 characters for the path\file

      - A single long file name may be entered on the command line when
|       using Windows 9x, Me, or 2000, or XP

      - The alt-F (get new filename) command now accepts a long file name
        including drive and path

      - The 1-up File Selection Men display includes the first part of the
        long file name - up to 95 characters.

      - The long file name is preserved for move and copy operations. The
        maximum length of a path name is 76 characters which means that
        directories with very long path names may not be accessible.

      - The @ command (available while viewing a file) shows a list of files
        that have been viewed. The path and file name are short names.

      - A new ~ (tilde) command under Windows 9x while viewing a file displays
        the file's long file name and other information.

      - Long file names may not be available on NTFS volumes

LIST Version 9.6x/2.4x          WHAT'S NEW                       June 17, 20044

                              File Selection Menu
                              -------------------

      - New commands are available from the File Selection (Alt-V) menu:

              E    invokes the 'Edit' editor to let you edit the selected file;
                   create a BATch file called EDIT.BAT which invokes the
                   editor of your choice with the optional parameters it needs

              I    invokes (executes) the selected program; replying ESCape to
                   the "Options:" prompt cancels the command; at least one
                   space is required: a null <enter> cancels the command.

              *    refreshes the directory display

          Alt-Z    toggles the status display on the bottom line from disk and
                   file statistics line to a menu command help line

          Ctl-S    executes the program associated with the selected file,
                   e.g. Wordpad for .DOC, WinAmp for .MP3, ACDSee for .JPG

          Alt-D    toggles whether or not directory entries are included
                   when sorting the file selection menu; the default is
                   to exclude them so that all directory entries show at
                   the beginning of the list

          Ctl-V    executes the program LXPIC.COM to view a graphic image file
                   for the selected file

      - Changes to other file selection menu (Alt-V) commands:

        -  Q)uit returns you to the display of the last file you viewed
           if no file has been displayed, Q exits to DOS.

        -  the X command exits to DOS in the NEW (current) directory

        -  ESCape exits to DOS in the ORIGINAL directory

        -  Alt-X exits to DOS and shows the original screen

        -  the 1-up display now includes the file attributes

        -  Alt-C saves (clones) the settings

        - the S)ort command now has a None (no sort) ordering option, and a
          minus "-" prefix option for sorting in descending order; ESCape now
          cancels the S)ort request. The descending sort option is clonable.

        -  a \ may be used in place of the P)ath command to change directories

      -  the F2 command to toggle the bottom line status display has been
         changed to F3

      -  you may press the shift key and a letter key to move the selection
         to the first filename beginning with that letter, e.g. shift-C will
         put the cursor on the first file name beginning with the letter 'c'

      -  new alt-F7 and alt-F8 commands change the color of the bar for the
         current file entry at the cursor position
LIST Version 9.6x/2.4x          WHAT'S NEW                       June 17, 20044

                                 New Commands
                                 ------------

      - A new Ctrl-G command in the viewer sets the length of fixed length
        records using the length of the first record displayed. This
        supplements Ctrl-B which is used to manually enter the length.

      - A new Ctrl-L command toggles the display of page breaks

      - Added video mode T for ATI Graphics Ultra Plus adapters

      - The Ctrl-O (control printer output) command has been expanded to
        offer more choices, i.e. portrait, landscape, condensed, and normal
        print modes. Only the printers supporting the HP PCL (laserjet and
        deskjet) printers are supported. For other printers, some patches
        are available. LISTOPT will eventually allow for printer codes to
        be supplied by the user.

      - A new ctrl-Y command saves the current position as a bookmark, and
        alt-Y repositions to the last bookmark. You may set up to 10 bookmarks.

      - A new 1 command restarts displaying files with the first file.

      - A new Ctrl-right command scrolls the screen right to the end of the
        current line.

      - A new O command toggles the date format from U.S. mm/dd/yy to
        European format dd-mm-yy and is clonable.

      - A new % (percent) command toggles whether LIST displays the file's last
        line number or percentage of file read.

|     - A new ctrl-Q command toggles display of UCS-2 text files, i.e. files
|       that contain two unicode characaters to represent a single character

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

      - The Rename command will change a directory or file name to a long
        file name under Windows 9x. Only the first 55 characters are used.

      - The registered and licensed versions of LIST Plus and LIST Enhanced
        support access to network drives. This includes Novell, Lantastic,
        and MS Clients such as Windows for Workgroups, Windows 95/98 and
        Windows NT. To access MS Client drives, map the client drive
        as a local drive either through the NET USE command, or through a
        Windows application such as Explorer. LIST does not yet recognize
        the syntax \\computer\resource in place of d:\path.

      - To execute LIST from a server drive, the server version is required.

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

                                Changed Commands
                                ----------------

      - The X command exits to DOS and clears the screen. In the Plus version,
        you are now placed in the new (selected) directory.

      - The Alt-D and Alt-O (write lines to a file) commands have been changed
        to default to writing a found (highlighted line after Scan or Find)
        line if no lines have been marked.

      - All command which ask for a d:\path and/or a filename now check for
        embedded blanks and non-valid characters.

      - The ctrl-I command has been added to the Plus version.  It allows
        setting the TAB interval to values other than the standard 8.  Ctrl-I
        prompts you to enter the new interval, which can be from 1 to 99.

      - The File Selection C)opy and M)ove commands check for sufficient space
        on the target drive before copying the file.

      - The Alt-E video mode switching command now recognizes VESA and will
        offer a selection of VESA modes which the display adapter supports.
        Only extended text modes are offered, e.g. 132 by 25.

        When you use alt-E, you are presented with one of two bottom line
        prompt messages:

          Screen: 0=adapter:I 1=80x25 2=80x43 3=132x44 4=132x25 etc.

        the choices for dimension depend on the video card. Use the 0
        subcommand to cycle through the letter choices.

          Vesa mode:  0=80x25   1=132x25   2=132x43   3=132x44

        again, the choices for dimension depend on the text modes that the
        video card supports

        If you are getting the "Screen" prompt and want the "Vesa" prompt,
        use the ctrl-J command to toggle the choice.

        You may clone any of these settings using the alt-C command.

        For text modes other than 80x25, and you are using Windows, be sure
        that you are in full screen mode; use alt-Enter if necessary to
        toggle full screen display.

        You may also need to change the properties of the DOS box. Typically,
        right clicking the top line of the DOS box will present a menu that you
        can naviagate to change the dislay rows, columns, and font.


      - The alt-F command now accepts a long file name, up to 70 characters

      - The file copy function from the File Selection Menu has a new option.
        In addition to the Y, N, S options, you may now specify the U option.
        This results in copying only those files which do not exist in the
        target directory. The check is for duplicate file names only and does
        not check for duplicate files with different date/timestamps.

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005

          Extended Video Text Modes - Mode codes for the alt-E command:

          Alt-E 0 Code  SVGA Manufacturer
          ------------  ---------------------
          I             Generic IBM VGA
          A             Ahead EGA2001 and VGA
          P             Paradise VGA
          G             Genoa SuperVGA
          U             Ultra Vision
          O             Tseng 4000 and Orchid
          V             Vega, Video7
          T             ATI
          K             Paradise VGA and ARK
          D             Trident
          M             Matrox

LIST Version 9.6y/2.4y          WHAT'S NEW                        Feb 17, 2005


       The default filter options are now:
          alt-T   - expand TABs is ON
          alt-J   - filter out control characters is ON

        Item           Offset  Value    Description of contents
        -------------- ------  -----    -----------------------
        Special         0132    70      Top/bottom line colors
        Normal          0134    07      Text colors
        Bright          0136    09      Find/Scan line colors
        Window 1 color  0138    07      Normal window text color
        Window 2 color  0139    0F      Second window text color
        Flag3           013A    09      Retrace off and junk filter on
        Flag4           013B    08      Tabs on
        Find row        013C    0800    Position of found line on screen, 8
        Scroll incr     013E    0A00    Left/right scroll increment, 10
        Scroll start    0140    0000    Starting scroll offset, 0
        Tab value       0142    0800    Tab interval, 8
        Tab mask        0144    F8FF    Tab bit mask
        Loudness        0146    C8      Beep tone level
        Key rate        0148    FF      Continuous scroll increment, 255
        Overlap         0149    0000    PgUp/PgDn scroll overlap, 0
        Wildcard esc    014B    26      Scan/Find wildcard ? escape character
        Alt-V up        014C    0500    Alt-V display files per line, 5


